#archaeal_classes
crenarchaeota
euryarchaeota
korarchaeota
nanoarchaeota
thaumarchaeota
DPANN group
TACK group
Asgard group
archaea
#bacterial_classes_hand_sorted
gammaproteobacteria
betaproteobacteria
zetaproteobacteria
alphaproteobacteria
epsilonproteobacteria
deltaproteobacteria
proteobacteria
thermodesulfobacteria
spirochaetes
deferribacteres
chrysiogenetes
nitrospirae
nitrospinae
nitrospinae/tectomicrobia group
tectomicrobia
acidobacteria
verrucomicrobia
lentisphaerae
chlamydiae
chlamydiae/verrucomicrobia
elusimicrobia
planctomycetes
PVC group
bacteroidetes
flavobacteria
chlorobi
FCB group
ignavibacteriae
cloacimonetes
fibrobacteres
gemmatimonadetes
fibrobacteres/acidobacteria
aquificae
caldiserica
dictyoglomi
thermotogae
deinococci
deinococcus-Thermus
synergistetes
fusobacteria
thermobaculum
actinobacteria
chloroflexi
armatimonadetes
tenericutes
firmicutes
cyanobacteria
calditrichaeota
saccharibacteria
bacteria
unclassified
unclassified Bacteria
#eukaryota_classes
eukaryota
alveolata
amoebozoa
apusomonadidae
cryptophyta
euglenozoa
diplomonadida
haptophyceae
heterolobosea
apicomplexa
ciliophora
acanthamoebidae
acantharea
actinopterygii
annelida
arcellinida
ascomycota
basidiomycota
centroheliozoa
cercozoa
chlorophyta
choanoflagellida
chordata
chytridiomycota
cnidaria
crustacea
dictyosteliida
diplomonadida group
echinodermata
entamoebidae
fungi
basal fungal lineages
glaucocystophyceae
glomeromycota
granuloreticulosea
haplosporidia
hemichordata
hexapoda
ichthyosporea
jakobidae
kinetoplastida
lobosea
malawimonadidae
metazoa
microsporidia
mollusca
mycetozoa
nematoda
nucleariidae
oxymonadida
parabasalidea
parabasalia
paramyxea
pelobiontida
placozoa
plasmodiophorida
polycystinea
rhodophyta
rhizaria
stramenopiles
urochordata
vertebrata
viridiplantae
zygomycota
apusozoa
breviatea
fornicata
katablepharidophyta
opisthokonta
#virus
ssRNA positive strand viruses
ssDNA viruses
dsDNA viruses
dsDNA viruses, no RNA stage
dsRNA viruses
poxviridae
flaviviridae
caudovirales
dinodnavirus
viruses
deltavirus
Retro-transcribing viruses
satellites
# Plasmid
plasmid
abditibacteriales
abditibacteriia
abditibacteriota
abediniales
abrothallales
acanthobdellida
acanthocephala
acanthocystida
acanthoecida
acanthopleuribacterales
acanthuriformes
acarosporales
acaryochloridales
accipitriformes
acetivibrionales
acetobacterales
achnanthales
acholeplasmatales
acidaminococcales
acidiferrobacterales
acidilobales
acidimicrobiales
acidimicrobiia
acidithiobacillales
acidithiobacillia
acidobacteriota
acidothermales
acipenseriformes
acochlidiacea
acoela
aconoidasida
acorales
acrasida
acrochaetiales
acropomatiformes
acrospermales
acrosymphytales
actiniaria
actinomycetales
actinomycetes
actinomycetota
actinophryidae
actinopolysporales
actinopteri
actinulida
acytosteliales
adapedonta
adinetida
aegeococcales
aeromonadales
agamococcidiorida
agaricales
agaricomycetes
agaricostilbales
agaricostilbomycetes
agelasida
aggregatilineales
ahnfeltiales
ainoaviricetes
albuginales
albuliformes
alepocephaliformes
algavirales
alismatales
allomalorhagida
alluroidida
alsuviricetes
alteromonadales
amabiliviricetes
amarillovirales
amblypygi
amborellales
amiiformes
amphibia
amphidiniales
amphidiscosida
amphifilida
amphilepidida
amphilinidea
amphionidacea
amphioxiformes
amphipoda
amphitremida
amylocorticiales
anabantiformes
anaerolineae
anaerolineales
anaeroplasmatales
anaerosomatales
anaspidacea
anaulales
ancyromonadida
andreaeales
andreaeobryales
andreaeobryopsida
andreaeopsida
anguilliformes
anisolpidiales
annulatascales
anostraca
anseriformes
anthoathecata
anthocerotales
anthocerotopsida
anthozoa
antipatharia
anura
aphelidea
aphragmophora
apiales
aplousobranchia
aplysiida
apochela
apodida
apodiformes
aporidea
apostomatida
appendicularia
apterygiformes
apusomonadida
aquavolonida
aquificales
aquificota
aquifoliales
arachnida
araeolaimida
araneae
araucariales
arbacioida
archaeoglobales
archaeoglobi
archaeognatha
archaeorhizomycetales
archaeorhizomycetes
archaeosporales
archiacanthocephala
archidiales
archigregarinorida
archinemertea
architaenioglossa
arcoida
arctomiales
ardenticatenales
ardenticatenia
ardissoneales
arecales
arenicellales
arfiviricetes
argentiniformes
arguloida
arhynchobdellida
armatimonadales
armatimonadia
armatimonadota
armophorea
armophorida
arthoniales
arthoniomycetes
arthracanthida
arthropoda
arthrotardigrada
articulavirales
artiodactyla
artverviricota
ascetosporea
ascidiacea
ascoseirales
asellariales
asellariomycetes
asfuvirales
asparagales
aspidochirotida
aspidodiadematoida
aspidosiphonidormes
asterales
asterinales
asterocladales
asteroidea
asterolamprales
asterotexales
astomatida
astrorhizida
ateleopodiformes
atheliales
atheriniformes
atractiellales
atractiellomycetes
atribacterales
atribacteria
atribacterota
atroposvirales
aulocalycoida
aulographales
aulopiformes
aurearenophyceae
auriculariales
austrobaileyales
aves
axinellida
azygiida
bacillales
bacillariales
bacillariophyceae
bacillariophyta
bacilli
bacillota
bacteriovoracales
bacteriovoracia
bacteroidales
bacteroidia
bacteroidota
baeomycetales
baerida
balanomorpha
balbianiales
balliales
balneolales
balneolia
balneolota
bamfordvirae
bangiales
bangiophyceae
baphyvirales
barbatosporales
bartheletiales
bartheletiomycetes
bartramiales
basidiobolales
basidiobolomycetes
bathynellacea
batrachoidiformes
batrachospermales
bdellonemertea
bdellovibrionales
bdellovibrionia
bdellovibrionota
belfryvirales
beloniformes
benthimermithida
berberidopsidales
beroida
beryciformes
bicosoecida
biddulphiales
biemnida
bifidobacteriales
bigyra
bivalvia
bivalvulida
blasiales
blastocatellales
blastocatellia
blastocladiales
blastocladiomycetes
blastocladiomycota
blastodiniales
blattodea
blenniiformes
blubervirales
boletales
bolidophyceae
boliniales
bonnemaisoniales
boraginales
bothriocephalidea
botrydiales
botryosphaeriales
bourgueticrinida
brachiopoda
brachypoda
brachyspirales
bradymonadales
branchiobdellida
branchiopoda
brassicales
brevinematales
brisingida
bruniales
bryales
bryobacterales
bryometopida
bryophryida
bryopsida
bryopsidales
bryoxiphiales
bryozoa
bubarida
bucerotiformes
bunyavirales
burkholderiales
bursariomorphida
bursovaginoidea
buxales
buxbaumiales
calanoida
calanticomorpha
calcarea
calcarisporiellales
caldicellulosiruptorales
caldilineae
caldilineales
caldisericales
caldisericia
caldisericota
calditrichales
calditrichia
calditrichota
caliciales
callipodida
calobryales
calosphaeriales
camarodonta
campylobacterales
campylobacterota
candelariales
candelariomycetes
candidate division cpr1
candidate division cpr2
candidate division cpr3
candidate division cssed10-310
candidate division fcpu426
candidate division gal15
candidate division jl-etnp-z39
candidate division kd3-62
candidate division lcp-89
candidate division nc10
candidate division wor-3
candidate division wwe3
candidate division zb2
candidate phylum nag2
candidatus abawacabacteria
candidatus absconditabacterales
candidatus absconditabacteria
candidatus abyssubacteria
candidatus acidoferrales
candidatus acidulodesulfobacterales
candidatus actinomarinales
candidatus adiutricales
candidatus adlerbacteria
candidatus aenigmatarchaeota
candidatus aeolococcales
candidatus aerophobetes
candidatus alkanophagales
candidatus altarchaeales
candidatus altarchaeota
candidatus altiarchaeia
candidatus amesbacteria
candidatus aminicenantales
candidatus aminicenantes
candidatus aminicenantia
candidatus amisiscales
candidatus anaeroferrophillales
candidatus anaeropigmentiales
candidatus ancaeobacterales
candidatus ancaeobacteria
candidatus andersenbacteria
candidatus anoxychlamydiales
candidatus anstonellales
candidatus aquicultorales
candidatus aquicultoria
candidatus asgardarchaeales
candidatus asgardarchaeia
candidatus auribacterales
candidatus auribacteria
candidatus auribacterota
candidatus azambacteria
candidatus babeliae
candidatus babeliales
candidatus baldrarchaeales
candidatus baldrarchaeia
candidatus baldrarchaeota
candidatus bathyarchaeales
candidatus bathyarchaeia
candidatus bathyarchaeota
candidatus beckwithbacteria
candidatus berkelbacteria
candidatus binatales
candidatus binatia
candidatus binatota
candidatus bipolaricaulales
candidatus bipolaricaulia
candidatus bipolaricaulota
candidatus blackallbacteria
candidatus blackburnbacteria
candidatus borrarchaeales
candidatus borrarchaeia
candidatus borrarchaeota
candidatus brennerbacteria
candidatus brocadiales
candidatus brocadiia
candidatus brockarchaeota
candidatus buchananbacteria
candidatus burarchaeales
candidatus caenarcanales
candidatus caldarchaeales
candidatus caldatribacteriota
candidatus calescamantes
candidatus campbellbacteria
candidatus cenarchaeales
candidatus cerribacteria
candidatus chisholmbacteria
candidatus cloacimonadales
candidatus cloacimonadia
candidatus cloacimonadota
candidatus coatesbacteria
candidatus collierbacteria
candidatus colwellbacteria
candidatus comchoanobacterales
candidatus competibacterales
candidatus cryosericales
candidatus cryosericia
candidatus cryosericota
candidatus culexarchaeia
candidatus culexarchaeles
candidatus culexarchaeota
candidatus curtissbacteria
candidatus dadabacteria
candidatus darwinibacteriales
candidatus daviesbacteria
candidatus deferrimicrobia
candidatus deferrimicrobiales
candidatus deferrimicrobiota
candidatus delongbacteria
candidatus desantisbacteria
candidatus desulfofervidales
candidatus desulfofervidia
candidatus diapherotrites
candidatus dormibacterales
candidatus dormibacteria
candidatus dormiibacterota
candidatus doudnabacteria
candidatus edwardsbacteria
candidatus eisenbacteria
candidatus electryoneales
candidatus electryoneia
candidatus electryoneota
candidatus elulimicrobia
candidatus elulimicrobiales
candidatus elulimicrobiota
candidatus entoporibacteria
candidatus eremiobacterales
candidatus erginobacterales
candidatus erginobacteria
candidatus falkowbacteria
candidatus fermentibacterales
candidatus fermentibacteria
candidatus fermentibacteria (class)
candidatus fermentimicrarchaeales
candidatus fermentithermobacillales
candidatus fermentithermobacillia
candidatus fervidibacterota
candidatus fibrimonadales
candidatus firestonebacteria
candidatus fischerbacteria
candidatus foliamicales
candidatus fraserbacteria
candidatus freyarchaeota
candidatus freyrarchaeales
candidatus freyrarchaeia
candidatus friggarchaeota
candidatus frugalibacteriales
candidatus gastranaerophilales
candidatus gefionarchaeota
candidatus geoarchaeota
candidatus geothermarchaeales
candidatus geothermarchaeota
candidatus geothermincolales
candidatus geothermincolia
candidatus geothermocultorales
candidatus gerdarchaeota
candidatus gimiplasmatales
candidatus giovannonibacteria
candidatus glassbacteria
candidatus goldiibacteriota
candidatus gottesmanbacteria
candidatus gracilibacteria
candidatus gribaldobacteria
candidatus guanabacteria
candidatus gugararchaeales
candidatus hadarchaeales
candidatus hadarchaeia
candidatus hadarchaeota
candidatus hakubellales
candidatus halarchaeoplasmatales
candidatus handelsmanbacteria
candidatus harrisonbacteria
candidatus hatepunaeales
candidatus hebobacterales
candidatus hebobacteria
candidatus hecatellales
candidatus heimdallarchaeota
candidatus helarchaeota
candidatus hermodarchaeales
candidatus hermodarchaeia
candidatus hermodarchaeota
candidatus hinthialibacterales
candidatus hinthialibacteria
candidatus hinthialibacterota
candidatus hodarchaeales
candidatus hodarchaeia
candidatus hodarchaeota
candidatus huberarchaea
candidatus humimicrobiales
candidatus humimicrobiia
candidatus hydrogenedentales
candidatus hydrogenedentia
candidatus hydrogenedentota
candidatus hydrothermales
candidatus hydrothermarchaeales
candidatus hydrothermarchaeia
candidatus hydrothermarchaeota
candidatus hydrothermia
candidatus hydrothermota
candidatus idunnarchaeota
candidatus izemoplasmatales
candidatus izimaplasma
candidatus jacksonbacteria
candidatus jingweiarchaeales
candidatus jordarchaeales
candidatus jordarchaeia
candidatus jorgensenbacteria
candidatus kaiserbacteria
candidatus kariarchaeales
candidatus kariarchaeia
candidatus kariarchaeota
candidatus kerfeldbacteria
candidatus komeilibacteria
candidatus krumholzibacteriales
candidatus krumholzibacteriia
candidatus krumholzibacteriota
candidatus kryptoniota
candidatus kuenenbacteria
candidatus lambdaproteobacteria
candidatus latescibacterota
candidatus lernaellaia
candidatus lernaellales
candidatus lernaellota
candidatus levyibacteriota
candidatus limnocylindrales
candidatus limnocylindria
candidatus lindowbacteria
candidatus liptonbacteria
candidatus lithacetigenota
candidatus lloydbacteria
candidatus lokiarchaeia
candidatus lokiarchaeota
candidatus magasanikiibacteriota
candidatus margulisiibacteriota
candidatus mariimomonadales
candidatus marinacidobacterales
candidatus marinamargulisbacteria
candidatus marsarchaeota
candidatus mcinerneyibacteria
candidatus mcinerneyibacteriales
candidatus mcinerneyibacteriota
candidatus melainabacteria
candidatus methanofastidiosales
candidatus methanofastidiosia
candidatus methanoliparales
candidatus methanoliparia
candidatus methanomethylicales
candidatus methanomethylicia
candidatus micrarchaeales
candidatus micrarchaeia
candidatus micrarchaeota
candidatus microgenomates
candidatus mnemosynellales
candidatus moduliflexales
candidatus moduliflexia
candidatus moduliflexota
candidatus moraniibacteriota
candidatus muiribacteriota
candidatus multivoradales
candidatus muproteobacteria
candidatus naiadarchaeales
candidatus nanoarchaeia
candidatus nanogingivales
candidatus nanohaloarchaea
candidatus nanohaloarchaeota
candidatus nanohalobia
candidatus nanohalobiales
candidatus nanopelagicales
candidatus nanoperiomorbales
candidatus nanoperiomorbia
candidatus nanosynbacterales
candidatus nanosyncoccales
candidatus nanosyncoccalia
candidatus nealsonbacteria
candidatus nemesobacterales
candidatus neomarinimicrobiota
candidatus nezhaarchaeales
candidatus nezhaarchaeia
candidatus nezhaarchaeota
candidatus nitrosocaldales
candidatus niyogibacteria
candidatus njordarchaeales
candidatus njordarchaeia
candidatus njordarchaeota
candidatus nomurabacteria
candidatus norongarragalinales
candidatus obscuribacterales
candidatus odinarchaeales
candidatus odinarchaeia
candidatus odinarchaeota
candidatus omnitrophota
candidatus ozemobacteria
candidatus paceibacterales
candidatus paceibacteria
candidatus paceibacterota
candidatus palauibacterales
candidatus parcubacteria
candidatus parvarchaeota
candidatus pelagibacterales
candidatus pelagiporibacteria
candidatus peregrinibacteria
candidatus peribacterales
candidatus peribacteria
candidatus polarisedimenticolales
candidatus polarisedimenticolia
candidatus poribacteria
candidatus porifericomitales
candidatus portnoybacteria
candidatus poseidoniales
candidatus poseidoniia
candidatus prometheoarchaeales
candidatus promineifilales
candidatus proteinoplasmatales
candidatus puniceispirillales
candidatus pyropristinus
candidatus rariloculales
candidatus ratteibacteria
candidatus raymondbacteria
candidatus riflebacteria
candidatus riflemargulisbacteria
candidatus roizmanbacteria
candidatus rokuibacteriota
candidatus ruthmanniales
candidatus ryanbacteria
candidatus saccharimonadales
candidatus saccharimonadia
candidatus salinosulfoleibacteria
candidatus schekmanbacteria
candidatus sericytochromatia
candidatus shapirobacteria
candidatus sifarchaeales
candidatus sifarchaeia
candidatus sifarchaeota
candidatus sigynarchaeales
candidatus sigynarchaeia
candidatus sigynarchaeota
candidatus spechtbacterales
candidatus spechtbacteria
candidatus spongiifermentumdales
candidatus spongiisociales
candidatus staskawiczbacteria
candidatus subteraquimicrobiales
candidatus sulfidibacteriales
candidatus sumerlaeales
candidatus sumerlaeia
candidatus sumerlaeota
candidatus sungiibacteriota
candidatus syntrophaliphaticia
candidatus sysuiplasmatales
candidatus tagabacteria
candidatus tariuqbacterales
candidatus tariuqbacteria
candidatus taylorbacteria
candidatus termititenacales
candidatus termititenacia
candidatus terrybacteria
candidatus tethybacterales
candidatus tharpellales
candidatus tharpellia
candidatus tharpellota
candidatus thermofonsia
candidatus thermoplasmatota
candidatus thermoprofundales
candidatus theseobacterales
candidatus thorarchaeota
candidatus tiddalikarchaeales
candidatus tritonobacterales
candidatus tritonobacteria
candidatus troglogloeales
candidatus uabimicrobiales
candidatus uabimicrobiia
candidatus uhrbacteria
candidatus undinarchaeales
candidatus undinarchaeia
candidatus undinarchaeota
candidatus veblenbacteria
candidatus vecturitrichales
candidatus vecturitrichia
candidatus versatilivoradales
candidatus verstraetearchaeota
candidatus vogelbacteria
candidatus wallbacteria
candidatus wildermuthbacteria
candidatus wirthbacteria
candidatus woesearchaeota
candidatus woesebacteria
candidatus wolfebacteria
candidatus woykebacteria
candidatus wukongarchaeales
candidatus wukongarchaeia
candidatus wukongarchaeota
candidatus xenobia
candidatus xenobiales
candidatus yanofskybacteria
candidatus yaplasmales
candidatus yonathbacteria
candidatus zambryskibacteria
candidatus zipacnadales
candidatus zipacnadia
candidatus zixiibacteriota
candidatus zymogeniales
canellales
cantharellales
capilloventrida
capnodiales
caprimulgiformes
caproiformes
capsalidea
capsulimonadales
carangiformes
carcharhiniformes
cardiida
cardiobacteriales
cardiopteridales
carditida
cariamiformes
carinomiformes
carnivora
carterinida
carybdeida
caryophyllales
caryophyllidea
cassiduloida
casuariiformes
catenulida
catenulisporales
cathetocephalidea
caudata
caudofoveata
caudoviricetes
caulobacterales
caulochytriales
cavernulicolales
cavibelonia
cavosteliida
celastrales
cellvibrionales
centrarchiformes
centroplasthelida
cephalaspidea
cephalobaenida
cephalocarida
cephalodiscida
cephalopoda
cephalothecales
ceraceosorales
ceramiales
ceratodontiformes
ceratophyllales
cercomonadida
cestida
cestoda
chaetocerotales
chaetodermatida
chaetodontiformes
chaetognatha
chaetomellales
chaetonotida
chaetopeltidales
chaetophorales
chaetosphaeriales
chaetothyriales
characiformes
charadriiformes
charales
charophyceae
chattonellales
chaunacanthida
cheilostomatida
chilopoda
chimaericolidea
chimaeriformes
chirodropida
chiroptera
chitinispirillales
chitinispirillia
chitinivibrionales
chitinivibrionia
chitinophagales
chitinophagia
chitonida
chitovirales
chlamydiales
chlamydiia
chlamydiota
chlamydodontida
chlamydomonadales
chloranthales
chlorarachniophyceae
chlorellales
chlorobiales
chlorobiia
chlorobiota
chlorocystidales
chlorodendrales
chlorodendrophyceae
chloroflexales
chloroflexia
chloroflexota
chlorokybales
chlorokybophyceae
chlorophyceae
chloropicales
chloropicophyceae
chlorosarcinales
choanoflagellata
chondrichthyes
chondrillida
chondrosiida
chordeumatida
chordodea
choreotrichida
christensenellales
chromadorea
chromadorida
chromatiales
chromulinales
chroococcales
chroococcidiopsidales
chrymotiviricetes
chrysanthemodiscales
chrysiogenales
chrysiogenota
chrysista
chrysomeridales
chrysomerophyceae
chrysophyceae
chrysosphaerales
chthoniobacterales
chthonomonadales
chthonomonadetes
chunqiuviricetes
chytridiales
chytridiomycetes
cichliformes
ciconiiformes
cidaroida
cingulata
cirlivirales
cladistia
cladochytriales
cladophorales
cladosporiales
classiculales
classiculomycetes
clathrinida
clevelandellida
climacospheniales
clionaida
clitellata
clostridia
clupeiformes
clypeasteroida
coccidiniales
coccolithales
cocconeidales
coccosphaerales
coelacanthiformes
colaconematales
coleochaetales
coleochaetophyceae
coleofasciculales
coleoptera
coliiformes
collembola
collemopsidiales
collemopsidiomycetes
collodaria
collothecaceae
colpodea
colpodida
colponemida
columbiformes
comatulida
commelinales
comminutisporales
compsopogonales
compsopogonophyceae
conexivisphaerales
conexivisphaeria
coniochaetales
coniocybales
coniocybomycetes
conioscyphales
conoidasida
copelata
coprothermobacterales
coprothermobacteria
coprothermobacterota
coraciiformes
corallicolida
corallimorpharia
corallinales
corethrales
coriobacteriales
coriobacteriia
cornales
coronatae
coronophorales
corticiales
corycida
coryneliales
corynodactylales
coscinodiscales
coscinodiscophyceae
cossaviricota
coyopavirales
craniata
craniida
craspedida
crassiclitellata
crassvirales
craterostigmomorpha
cremevirales
cressdnaviricota
crinoidea
cristamonadida
crocodylia
crossosomatales
crustaceacida
cryomonadida
cryppavirales
cryptocaliciales
cryptogemmida
cryptomonadales
cryptomycocolacales
cryptomycocolacomycetes
cryptomycota
cryptophialida
cryptophyceae
cryptosporangiales
ctenocladales
ctenophora
ctenostomatida
cubozoa
cuculiformes
cucurbitales
culicoidibacterales
culicoidibacteria
cumacea
cupressales
cutleriales
cyanidiales
cyanobacteriota
cyanophyceae
cyatheales
cyathomonadacea
cycadales
cycadopsida
cycliophora
cycloneritida
cyclophorales
cyclophyllidea
cyclopoida
cyclorhagida
cyclostomatida
cyclotrichida
cydippida
cymatosirales
cymbellales
cyphobasidiales
cypriniformes
cyprinodontiformes
cyrtocrinida
cyrtolophosidida
cyrtophorida
cystobasidiales
cystobasidiomycetes
cystofilobasidiales
cytophagales
cytophagia
cyttariales
dacrymycetales
dacrymycetes
dactylogyridea
dactylopodida
dasycladales
dasyuromorphia
decapoda
deferribacterales
deferribacterota
deferrisomatales
deferrisomatia
dehalococcoidales
dehalococcoidia
deinococcales
deinococcota
demospongiae
dendroceratida
dendrocerotales
dendrochirotida
dendrogastrida
dentaliida
dermaptera
dermocystida
dermoptera
desertifilales
desmacellida
desmarestiales
desmidiales
desmodorida
desmoscolecida
desulfarculales
desulfarculia
desulfatiglandales
desulfitisporales
desulfitisporia
desulfobaccales
desulfobaccia
desulfobacterales
desulfobacteria
desulfobulbales
desulfobulbia
desulfomonilales
desulfomonilia
desulfovibrionales
desulfovibrionia
desulfurellales
desulfurellia
desulfuribacillales
desulfuribacillia
desulfurobacteriales
desulfurococcales
desulfuromonadales
desulfuromonadia
dethiobacterales
dethiobacteria
developea
diadematoida
diaporthales
diclybothriidea
dicranales
dictyoceratida
dictyochales
dictyochophyceae
dictyoglomales
dictyoglomia
dictyoglomota
dictyosteliales
dictyotales
dicyemida
didelphimorphia
dilleniales
dimargaritales
dimargaritomycetes
dinophyceae
dinophysales
dinornithiformes
dioctophymatida
dioscoreales
diphyllidea
diphyllobothriidea
diphysciales
diplonemea
diplopoda
diplostomida
diplostraca
diplura
diprotodontia
dipsacales
diptera
discosea
dissulfuribacterales
dissulfuribacteria
diversisporales
dividoviricota
dixoniellales
doassansiales
dolichomastigales
doliolida
dongiales
dorylaimida
dothideales
dothideomycetes
duplopiviricetes
duplornaviricota
durnavirales
dysteriida
echinamoebida
echiniscoidea
echinoidea
echinorhiniformes
echinorhynchida
echinosteliales
echinothurioida
echiuroidea
ectocarpales
eggerthellales
egibacterales
egicoccales
elainellales
elardia
elasipodida
ellioviricetes
ellobiida
elopiformes
elusimicrobiales
elusimicrobiota
embioptera
emcibacterales
encalyptales
enchytraeida
endogenida
endogonales
endogonomycetes
endomicrobiales
endomicrobiia
endomyxa
enopla
enoplea
enoplida
entactinaria
enterobacterales
enteropneusta
entodiniomorphida
entomobryomorpha
entomophthorales
entomophthoromycetes
entomoplasmatales
entoprocta
entorrhizales
entorrhizomycetes
entrophosporales
entwisleiales
entylomatales
eoacanthocephala
ephedrales
ephemeroptera
ephippiformes
equisetales
eremithallales
eremomycetales
ericales
erysipelotrichales
erysipelotrichia
erysiphales
erythrobasidiales
erythropeltidales
escalloniales
esociformes
ethmodiscales
euamoebida
eubacteriales
eubodonida
eucoccidiorida
euglenales
euglenida
euglyphida
eugregarinorida
eulipotyphla
eumycetozoa
eunicida
eunotiales
euonychophora
euphausiacea
euplotida
eupodiscales
eurotatoria
eurotiales
eurotiomycetes
euryalida
eurypygiformes
eustigmatales
eustigmatophyceae
eutardigrada
eutreptiales
euzebyales
evaginogenida
evosea
exobasidiales
exobasidiomycetes
exogemmida
exogenida
fabales
fagales
falcocladiales
falconiformes
faserviricetes
fecampiida
ferritrophicales
ferrovales
fervidicoccales
fibrobacterales
fibrobacteria
fibrobacterota
filasterea
filobasidiales
filospermoidea
fimbriimonadales
fimbriimonadia
flabelligerida
flabellinia
flasuviricetes
flavobacteriales
flavobacteriia
florenciellales
florideophyceae
flosculariaceae
foraminifera
forcipulatida
fossombroniales
fractovitellida
fragilariales
fragilariophyceae
frankiales
fucales
funariales
fuscosporellales
fusobacteriales
fusobacteriia
fusobacteriota
futianiales
gadiformes
gadilida
gaiellales
galaxiiformes
galbuliformes
galdieriales
galeommatida
galliformes
garryales
gastrochaenida
gastropoda
gastrotricha
gaviiformes
geastrales
geitlerinematales
gelidiales
gelyelloida
geminibasidiales
geminibasidiomycetes
geminicoccales
gemmatales
gemmatimonadales
gemmatimonadota
gentianales
geobacterales
geodermatophilales
geoglossales
geoglossomycetes
geophilomorpha
georgefischeriales
geplafuvirales
geraniales
gerreiformes
ghabrivirales
gigantorhynchida
gigartinales
gigaspermales
ginkgoales
ginkgoopsida
glaucocystales
glaucosphaerales
gleicheniales
glissomonadida
globothalamea
gloeobacterales
gloeochaetales
gloeomargaritales
gloeophyllales
glomerales
glomerellales
glomerida
glomeridesmida
glomeromycetes
glycomycetales
gnathostomulida
gnetales
gnetopsida
gobiiformes
golfingiida
golubeviales
gomontiellales
gomphales
goniochloridales
gonorynchiformes
gonyaulacales
gordea
gordioida
goujianvirales
gracilariales
grimmiales
gromiida
gromochytriales
grossglockneriida
gruiformes
grylloblattodea
gunnerales
gymnodiniales
gymnolaemata
gymnophiona
gymnotiformes
gyracanthocephala
gyrocotylidea
gyrodactylidea
haemosporida
halanaerobiales
haliangiales
halobacteria
halobacteriales
halobacteriota
halocyprida
haloferacales
halopanivirales
haloplasmatales
halorutilales
haloruvirales
halymeniales
hapalidiales
haplobothriidea
haplomitriopsida
haplopharyngida
haplosclerida
haplosporida
haplotaxida
haptophyta
haptorida
harpacticoida
harpellales
harpellomycetes
hedwigiales
helicobasidiales
helotiales
helvetiavirae
hemiaulales
hemimastigophora
hemiptera
hepelivirales
herpesvirales
herpetosiphonales
herpomycetales
herviviricetes
heterodontiformes
heterogastridiales
heterogloeales
heteronematales
heteronemertea
heterotardigrada
heterotrichea
heterotrichida
heunggongvirae
hexactinellida
hexactinosida
hexanauplia
hexanchiformes
hibberdiales
hildenbrandiales
himatismenida
hiodontiformes
hirudinida
hofneiviricota
hoilungea
holacanthida
holasteroida
holocentriformes
holophagae
holophagales
holosporales
holothuroidea
holothyrida
holtermanniales
homoscleromorpha
homosclerophorida
honigbergiellida
hookeriales
howeltoviricetes
huerteales
huolimaviricetes
hydrogenophilales
hydrogenophilia
hydrozoa
hydrurales
hymeneliales
hymenochaetales
hymenophyllales
hymenoptera
hymenostomatida
hyocrinida
hypermastigia
hyperoartia
hyphochytriomycetes
hyphomicrobiales
hyphomonadales
hypnales
hypnodendrales
hypocomatida
hypocreales
hypotrichomonadida
hyracoidea
hysterangiales
hysteriales
iblomorpha
icacinales
ichthyophonida
ichthyostraca
ignatiales
ignavibacteria
ignavibacteriales
ignavibacteriota
imbricatea
imitervirales
immundisolibacterales
ingolfiellida
insecta
insthoviricetes
iodidimonadales
isochrysidales
isocrinida
isoetales
isolaimida
isopoda
isosphaerales
istiophoriformes
ixodida
jaapiales
jahnulales
jakobida
jatrophihabitantales
jiangellales
jingchuvirales
julida
jungermanniales
jungermanniopsida
juravirales
kalamavirales
kallotenuales
kangiellales
karyorelictea
kathablepharidacea
kentrorhagata
kickxellales
kickxellomycetes
kiitrichida
kineosporiales
kinetoplastea
kinorhyncha
kiritimatiellales
kiritimatiellia
kiritimatiellota
kirjokansivirales
kirschsteiniotheliales
kitasatosporales
kitrinoviricota
klebsormidiales
klebsormidiophyceae
koleobacterales
kopriimonadales
koralionastetales
kordiimonadales
kosmotogales
kriegeriales
ktedonobacterales
ktedonobacteria
kurtiformes
laboulbeniales
laboulbeniomycetes
labriformes
labyrinthulida
lachnospirales
lactobacillales
lagenidiales
lagomorpha
lamiales
laminariales
lamniformes
lampriformes
laserviricetes
laurales
laurida
lautamovirales
lecanicephalidea
lecanorales
lecanoromycetes
lecideales
lecithoepitheliata
lefavirales
legionellales
leiosporocerotales
leiosporocerotopsida
lenarviricota
lentisphaerales
lentisphaeria
lentisphaerota
leotiales
leotiomycetes
lepetellida
lepidogalaxiiformes
lepidopleurida
lepidoptera
lepidosauria
lepidostromatales
leprocaulales
leptocardii
leptocylindrales
leptolyngbyales
leptomitales
leptomyxida
leptospirales
leptostraca
leptothecata
leucosolenida
leucosporidiales
leviviricetes
liceales
lichenostigmatales
lichinales
lichinodiales
lichinomycetes
licmophorales
licnophorida
ligamenvirales
liliales
limifossorida
limisphaerales
limnochordales
limnochordia
limnognathida
limnomedusae
limoida
lineolatales
lingulata
lingulida
lithobiomorpha
lithodesmiales
lithoglyptida
lithonida
litobothriidea
litopterna
litostomatea
littorinimorpha
lituolida
lobata
lobotiformes
lobulomycetales
loebvirae
longamoebia
longimicrobiales
longimicrobiia
lophiiformes
lophodiniales
lophogastrida
lophomonadida
loricifera
loxodida
lucinida
lulworthiales
lumbriculida
lunulariales
lutisporales
lutjaniformes
lycopodiales
lycopodiopsida
lyrellales
lyssacinosida
macrodasyida
macroscelidea
macrostomida
magnaporthales
magnetococcales
magnoliales
magnoliopsida
magrovirales
magsaviricetes
malacalcyonacea
malacostraca
malacovalvulida
malasseziales
malasseziomycetes
malawimonadida
malgrandaviricetes
malpighiales
malvales
mamiellales
mamiellophyceae
mammalia
mantodea
mantophasmatodea
marattiales
marchantiales
marchantiopsida
maricaulales
marimermithida
marimonadida
marinilabiliales
mariplanellida
mariprofundales
marosporida
marsupiomonadales
martellivirales
mastigamoebida
mastogloiales
maveriviricetes
maximonvirales
mazocraeidea
mecoptera
medeolariales
mediophyceae
megaloptera
megaviricetes
melanosporales
meliolales
melosirales
merliida
mermithida
merostomata
mesoaciditogales
mesochytriales
mesostigmata
mesostigmatales
mesostigmatophyceae
methanobacteria
methanobacteriales
methanobavirales
methanocellales
methanococcales
methanococci
methanomassiliicoccales
methanomicrobia
methanomicrobiales
methanonatronarchaeales
methanonatronarchaeia
methanophagales
methanopyrales
methanopyri
methanosarcinales
methanotrichales
methylacidiphilae
methylacidiphilales
methylococcales
methylohalomonadales
metopida
metteniusales
metzgeriales
miaviricetes
micraspidales
microascales
microbiotheria
microbotryales
microbotryomycetes
microcaldales
microcaldia
microcaldota
micrococcales
micrognathozoa
micromonosporales
micropepsales
micropygoida
microstromatales
microthamniales
microthoracida
microthyriales
mictacea
miliolida
millericrinida
milneviricetes
miltoncostaeales
mindivirales
minutisphaerales
minwuiales
mischococcales
misophrioida
mixiales
mixiomycetes
mobilida
mollicutes
molpadida
monhysterida
moniliellales
moniliellomycetes
moniliformida
moniligastrida
monjiviricetes
monoblastiales
monoblepharidales
monoblepharidomycetes
monocleales
monocotylidea
monogenea
monoglobales
monomastigales
mononchida
mononegavirales
monophragmophora
monoplacophora
monostilifera
monotremata
monstrilloida
moorellales
moraxellales
mormonilloida
mortierellales
mortierellomycetes
motilibacterales
mouviricetes
mucorales
mucoromycetes
mucoromycota
mugiliformes
mulpavirales
multivalvulida
muranotrichea
muranotrichida
murrayonida
musophagiformes
muspiceida
muvirales
muyocopronales
mycobacteriales
mycocaliciales
mycoplasmatales
mycoplasmatota
mycoplasmoidales
mycosphaerellales
myctophiformes
myida
myliobatiformes
myodocopida
myopsida
myriangiales
myrmecridiales
myrtales
mysida
mystacocarida
mystacocaridida
mytilida
mytilinidiales
myxini
myxiniformes
myxococcales
myxococcia
myxococcota
myxozoa
myzocytiopsidales
myzostomida
nakamurellales
nakonvirales
naldaviricetes
nanaloricida
nannocystales
nanoarchaeales
nanobdellales
nanobdellia
nanomonadea
naohideales
narapida
narcomedusae
nassellaria
nassophorea
nassulida
natipusillales
natranaerobiales
natrialbales
nautiliales
nautilida
naviculales
nebulidea
nebulidia
nebulidida
nectiopoda
nectonematoida
neelipleona
negarnaviricota
negativicutes
neisseriales
nemaliales
nemastomatales
nematomorpha
nemertea
nemertodermatida
neobodonida
neocallimastigales
neocallimastigomycetes
neoechinorhynchida
neogastropoda
neogregarinorida
neohodgsoniales
neolectales
neolectomycetes
neomeniamorpha
neomphalida
neophaeothecales
neozygitales
neozygitomycetes
nephromycida
nephroselmidales
nephroselmidophyceae
neuroptera
nevskiales
nibbleridea
nibbleridia
nibbleridida
nidovirales
nippotaeniidea
nitriliruptorales
nitriliruptoria
nitrosomonadales
nitrosopumilales
nitrososphaerales
nitrososphaeria
nitrososphaerota
nitrospinales
nitrospinia
nitrospinota
nitrospirales
nitrospiria
nitrospirota
noctilucales
nodamuvirales
nodosilineales
norzivirales
nostocales
notacanthiformes
notomyotida
notoryctemorphia
notostraca
notothyladales
notoungulata
nucleocytoviricota
nuculanida
nuculida
nuda
nudibranchia
nymphaeales
oblongichytrida
oceanospirillales
ochromonadales
octopoda
oculatellales
odonata
odontostomatea
odontostomatida
oedipodiales
oedipodiopsida
oedogoniales
oegopsida
oligacanthorhynchida
oligoflexales
oligoflexia
oligohymenophorea
oligosphaerales
oligosphaeria
olisthodiscophyceae
olpidiales
olpidiomycetes
olpidiomycota
olpidiopsidales
oltmannsiellopsidales
oltmansiellopsidales
onchoproteocephalidea
oncothecales
onslowiales
onychophora
onygenales
oomycota
opalinata
opheliida
ophidiiformes
ophioglossales
ophioleucida
ophioscolecida
ophiostomatales
ophiuroidea
opilioacarida
opiliones
opisthocomiformes
opisthorchiida
opitutae
opitutales
orbales
orbiliales
orbiliomycetes
orectolobiformes
orphellales
ortervirales
orthonectida
orthopolintovirales
orthoptera
orthornavirae
orthotrichales
oscillatoriales
osmeriformes
osmundales
osteoglossiformes
ostracoda
ostreida
ostropales
ourlivirales
oxalidales
oxyrrhinales
pachnocybales
palaeacanthocephala
palaeonemertea
pallaviciniales
palmariales
palmophyllales
palmophyllophyceae
palpigradi
pandanales
pantopoda
papovaviricetes
parablepharismea
parablepharismida
parabodonida
parachela
parachlamydiales
paracryphiales
paradiniida
paraglomerales
paraliales
paramyxida
pararnavirae
pararotatoria
parmales
parvidrilida
parvularculales
passeriformes
pasteurellales
patatavirales
patellariales
paucituberculata
pauropoda
pavlomulinales
pavlovales
paxillosida
pectinida
pedinellales
pedinoida
pedinomonadales
pedinophyceae
pelagomonadales
pelagophyceae
pelecaniformes
pelliales
peltigerales
pempheriformes
penicillaria (in: tube anenomes)
peniculida
peploviricota
peptostreptococcales
peramelemorphia
perciformes
percopsiformes
peribolosporales
peribolosporomycetes
peridiniales
peripodida
perissodactyla
perkinsida
perkinsozoa
peronosporales
pertusariales
petalomonadida
petitvirales
petromyzontiformes
petrosaviales
petrotogales
peyssonneliales
pezizales
pezizomycetes
phacidiales
phaeocalpida
phaeoconchia
phaeocystales
phaeocystida
phaeodendrida
phaeogromida
phaeogymnocellida
phaeomoniellales
phaeophilales
phaeophyceae
phaeosacciales
phaeosacciophyceae
phaeosphaerida
phaeothamnales
phaeothamniales
phaeothamniophyceae
phaeothecales
phaeotrichales
phaethontiformes
phagomyxida
phallales
phascolosomatiformes
phasmatodea
philasterida
philodinavidae
philodinida
phixviricota
phlebobranchia
phoenicopteriformes
pholidoskepia
pholidota
phormidesmidales
phoronida
phototrophicales
phragmophora
phthiraptera
phycisphaerae
phycisphaerales
phylactolaemata
phyllachorales
phyllobothriidea
phyllodocida
phyllopharyngea
phymatocerotales
phymosomatoida
physariida
physodermatales
physodermatomycetes
phytodiniales
phytomyxea
piccovirales
piciformes
picocystales
picocystophyceae
picomonadea
picomonadida
picornavirales
picozoa
picramniales
pihiellales
pilidiophora
pilosa
pimascovirales
pinales
pinguiochrysidales
pinguiophyceae
pinopsida
piperales
pirellulales
piroplasmida
pirsoniales
pisoniviricetes
pisorisporiales
pisuviricota
placidida
plagiopylea
plagiopylida
plagiorchiida
plagiotomida
planctomycetales
planctomycetia
planctomycetota
platycopida
platycopioida
platyctenida
platygloeales
platyhelminthes
playtdesmida
plecoptera
plectida
pleosporales
pleurobranchida
pleurocapsales
pleurochloridellales
pleuronectiformes
pleuronematida
pleurostomatida
pleurotheciales
pleurotomariida
pleuroziales
plocamiales
ploima
pneumocystales
pneumocystomycetes
poales
podicipediformes
podocopida
poduromorpha
poecilosclerida
poecilostomatoida
pokkesviricetes
polintoviricetes
polivirales
pollicipedomorpha
polyacanthocephala
polyangiales
polyarthra
polychaeta
polychytriales
polycladida
polydesmida
polymastiida
polymixiiformes
polymorphida
polyphagales
polyplacophora
polypodiales
polypodiidea
polypodiopsida
polypodiozoa
polyporales
polypteriformes
polystilifera
polystomatidea
polytrichales
polytrichopsida
polyxenida
polyzoniida
porellales
porifera
porocephalida
porphyridiales
potamodrilidae
pottiales
prasinococcales
prasinodermales
prasinodermophyceae
prasinodermophyta
prasiolales
preaxostyla
preplasmiviricota
priacanthiformes
priapulida
priapulimorpha
priapulimorphida
priklausovirales
primates
primavirales
proboscidea
procabacteriales
procellariiformes
prochlorotrichales
profiliida
prolecithophora
propionibacteriales
prorocentrales
prorodontida
proseriata
prostomatea
prostomatida
proteales
proteocephalidea
protococcidiorida
protoheterotrichida
protoraphidales
protosiphonales
protosteliida
protostomatida
protura
prymnesiales
pseudanabaenales
pseudoamphisiellida
pseudoditrichales
pseudomonadales
pseudomonadota
pseudonocardiales
pseudophyllidea
pseudoscorpiones
psilotales
psittaciformes
psocoptera
pterioida
pterobranchia
pterocystida
pteropoda
ptilidiales
ptychomniales
pucciniales
pucciniomycetes
puniceicoccales
pycnogonida
pyramimonadales
pyramimonadophyceae
pyrenomonadales
pyrenulales
pyrinomonadales
pyrocystales
pyrosomata
pythiales
pyxidiophorales
quasiramulariales
quintoviricetes
racodiales
raillietiellida
rajiformes
ralfsiales
ramicandelaberales
randiellida
ranunculales
raphidioptera
raphidophyceae
rappephyceae
recrevirales
reighardiida
remipedia
reovirales
repensiviricetes
resentoviricetes
revtraviricetes
reyranellales
rhabditida
rhabditophora
rhabdocoela
rhabdomonadales
rhabdonematales
rhabdopleurida
rhaponeidales
rhaptothyreida
rheiformes
rhinebothriidea
rhinopristiformes
rhipidiales
rhizocarpales
rhizochloridales
rhizochromulinales
rhizogoniales
rhizophlyctidales
rhizophydiales
rhizosoleniales
rhizostomeae
rhodachlyales
rhodellales
rhodellophyceae
rhodelphea
rhodelphida
rhodobacterales
rhodochaetales
rhodocyclales
rhodogorgonales
rhodospirillales
rhodothalassiales
rhodothermales
rhodothermia
rhodothermota
rhodymeniales
rhopalodiales
rhynchobdellida
rhynchodida
rhynchonellata
rhynchonellida
rhytismatales
ricciales
ricinulei
rickettsiales
rigifilida
rivendellvirales
robbauerales
robertinida
rodentia
rohanvirales
rosales
rotaliida
rotifera
rotosphaerida
rowavirales
rubrobacterales
rubrobacteria
rufusiales
runcinacea
russulales
sabellida
saccharofermentanales
saccharomycetales
saccharomycetes
sagittoidea
salenioida
saleviricota
salinisphaerales
salmoniformes
salpida
salsipaludibacterales
salviniales
sanchytriales
sanchytriomycetes
sanchytriomycota
sangervirae
santalales
sapindales
saprolegniales
saprospirales
saprospiria
sarcinochrysidales
sarcoptiformes
sareales
sareomycetes
sarrameanales
savoryellales
saxifragales
scandentia
scaphopoda
schizaeales
schizomida
schizopyrenida
schizosaccharomycetales
schizosaccharomycetes
scleractinia
scleralcyonacea
sclerococcales
sclerosporales
scolopendromorpha
scombriformes
scopalinida
scorpiones
scotinosphaerales
scouleriales
scourfieldiales
scutigeromorpha
scyphozoa
scytothamnales
sebacinales
sebdeniales
sedimentisphaerales
seguenziida
seisonacea
selaginellales
selenomonadales
semaeostomeae
semionotiformes
sepiida
sepolyvirales
septobasidiales
serpentovirales
sessilida
shotokuvirae
siluriformes
silvanigrellales
siphonaptera
siphonariida
siphonophorae
siphonophorida
siphonostomatoida
sipuncula
sirenia
sneathiellales
sobelivirales
solanales
solemyida
solenogastres
solifugae
solirubrobacterales
sordariales
sordariomycetes
sorogenida
spariformes
spartobacteria
spatangoida
spathebothriidea
spelaeogriphacea
sphacelariales
sphaerobacterales
sphaerocarpales
sphaerocladina
sphaeropleales
sphaerotheriida
sphagnales
sphagnopsida
sphenisciformes
sphenodontia
sphingobacteriales
sphingobacteriia
sphingomonadales
spiculogloeales
spiculogloeomycetes
spinulosida
spionida
spirillinida
spirobolida
spirochaetales
spirochaetia
spirochaetota
spirogloeales
spirostreptida
spirotrichea
spirotrichonymphida
spirularia
spirulida
spirulinales
spizellomycetales
splachnales
spongillida
spongomonadida
sporadotrichida
sporichthyales
sporidiobolales
sporochnales
sporolithales
spumellaria
squaliformes
squamata
stauromedusae
staurozoa
stellavirales
stelpaviricetes
stemmiulida
stemonitida
stenolaemata
stephanodiscales
steroidobacterales
sterrofustia
sticholonchida
stichotrichida
stictocyclales
stigmatodiscales
stolidobranchia
stomatohabitantales
stomatopoda
stomiiformes
strepsiptera
streptophyta
streptosporangiales
striatellales
strigeidida
strigiformes
strigulales
struthioniformes
stygamoebida
stylephoriformes
stylommatophora
stylonematales
stylonematophyceae
suberitida
suessiales
sulfolobales
suliformes
superstratomycetales
surirellales
symbiontida
symbiotaphrinales
symphyacanthida
symphyla
symphypleona
synbranchiformes
synchromophyceae
synchytriales
syndiniales
synechococcales
synergistales
synergistia
synergistota
syngnathiformes
synhymeniida
syntrophales
syntrophia
syntrophobacterales
syntrophobacteria
syntrophorhabdales
syntrophorhabdia
synurales
synurophyceae
syracosphaerales
syringodermatales
systellommatophora
tabellariales
takakiales
takakiopsida
talbotiomycetales
taleaviricota
tanaidacea
taphrinales
taphrinomycetes
tardigrada
tectiliviricetes
tectofilosida
telonemida
teloschistales
temnopleuroida
tentaculata
tepidiformales
tepidiformia
tepidisphaerales
terebellida
terebratulida
terriglobales
terriglobia
terrimicrobiales
terrimicrobiia
testudines
tethyida
tetrabothriidea
tetractinellida
tetramerocerata
tetraodontiformes
tetraphidales
tetraphidopsida
tetraphyllidea
tetrasporales
teuthida
textulariida
thalassionemales
thalassiophysales
thalassiosirales
thalassocalycida
thaliacea
thaumatomonadida
thecideida
thecofilosea
thecostraca
theionarchaea
thelebolales
thelephorales
thelocarpales
thermales
thermoanaerobacterales
thermoanaerobaculales
thermoanaerobaculia
thermococcales
thermococci
thermodesulfobacteriales
thermodesulfobacteriota
thermodesulfobiales
thermodesulfobiia
thermodesulfobiota
thermodesulfovibrionales
thermodesulfovibrionia
thermofilales
thermoflexales
thermoflexia
thermogemmatisporales
thermoleophilales
thermoleophilia
thermolithobacterales
thermolithobacteria
thermomicrobia
thermomicrobiales
thermomicrobiota
thermoplasmata
thermoplasmatales
thermoproteales
thermoprotei
thermoproteota
thermosbaenacea
thermosediminibacterales
thermostichales
thermosulfidibacterales
thermosulfidibacteria
thermosulfidibacterota
thermotogales
thermotogota
thermotomaculales
thigmotrichida
thiohalobacterales
thiohalomonadales
thiohalorhabdales
thiohalospirales
thiotrichales
thoracosphaerales
thoreales
thraustochytrida
thumleimavirales
thysanoptera
tichowtungiales
tichowtungiia
tilletiales
tilopteridales
timlovirales
timmiales
tinamiformes
tintinnida
tissierellales
tissierellia
togniniales
tokiviricetes
tolivirales
tolucaviricetes
torodiniales
torpediniformes
torpedosporales
toxariales
trachichthyiformes
trachycladida
trachymedusae
tracyllales
trapavirae
trapeliales
trebouxiales
trebouxiophyceae
trechisporales
trematoda
tremellales
tremellodendropsidales
tremellomycetes
trentepohliales
treponematales
treubiales
triblidiales
tribonematales
triceratiales
trichiida
trichinellida
trichomonadida
trichonymphida
trichoplacea
trichoptera
trichosphaeriales
trichosporonales
tricladida
trigoniida
triplonchida
tritirachiales
tritirachiomycetes
tritrichomonadida
trochida
trochodendrales
trogoniformes
trombidiformes
trueperales
tryblidiida
trypanorhyncha
trypanosomatida
trypetheliales
tsukubamonadida
tubeufiales
tubificida
tubulaniformes
tubulavirales
tubulidentata
tubulinea
tubuliporida
turbellaria
tymovirales
udeonychophora
ulotrichales
ulvales
ulvophyceae
umbelopsidales
umbelopsidomycetes
umbilicariales
umbraculida
unionida
uniplacotomia
upupiformes
uranoscopiformes
urocystidales
uropygi
urostylida
uroviricota
ustilaginales
ustilaginomycetes
vahliales
valsariales
valvatida
vampirovibrionales
vampirovibriophyceae
vampyrellida
vampyromorpha
variosea
vaucheriales
veillonellales
velatida
venerida
ventricleftida
venturiales
vermiculariopsiellales
verongiida
verrucariales
verrucomicrobiae
verrucomicrobiales
verrucomicrobiota
verrucomorpha
vestibuliferida
vezdaeales
vibrionales
vicinamibacterales
vicinamibacteria
victivallales
vidaverviricetes
vinavirales
violaceomycetales
vitales
vulcanimicrobiales
vulcanimicrobiia
vulcanimicrobiota
wallemiales
wallemiomycetes
watanabeales
welwitschiales
woeseiales
wolframvirales
xanthomonadales
xanthophyceae
xenacoelomorpha
xenopneusta
xenospadicoidales
xiphosura
xylariales
xylobotryales
xylobotryomycetes
xylonales
xylonomycetes
yadokarivirales
yunchangviricetes
zeiformes
zilligvirae
zingiberales
zoantharia
zoopagales
zoopagomycetes
zoopagomycota
zoraptera
zurhausenvirales
zygentoma
zygnematales
zygnemophyceae
zygodiscales
zygophlyctidales
zygophyllales
zygorhizidiales
